BookClub/001_CLOUDNATIVEINFRASTRUCTURE.md, before:

# Cloud Native Infrastructure by Kris Nova & Justin Garrison

## What Is A CNW Book Club

Find out more about the Cloud Native Wales (CNW) Book Club [here](https://blog.cloudnativewales.io/bookclub).

## What Do I Need To Do

The Book Club will start on Friday June 15th 2018.  You'll be committed to reading the book over 8-12 weeks.  A private online community will be setup to discuss details of the book. On completion of the book, one of the authors, [Kris Nova](https://twitter.com/krisnova), has kindly agreed to have a Hangout session with us.

## What Do I Get

You can download a free ebook from the book's official [website](https://www.cnibook.info/). If you would like a paperback copy, you can buy one from one of the retailers provided [here](https://www.cnibook.info/). Thanks to Kris and [Heptio](https://twitter.com/heptio), we will be giving away some copies of the book at CNW's [Meetup v0.2.0](https://www.meetup.com/Cloud-Native-Wales/events/lxwbppyxjbsb/). Details to be confirmed soon.

## How Do I Sign Up

**Spaces are limited**, so please book your space [here](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/cnw-book-club-cloud-native-infrastructure-by-kris-nova-tickets-46200822905).

---

## Book Description

For far too long companies have been creating infrastructure in the cloud only to build themselves into a corner. Building traditional infrastructure in the cloud is more expensive and less performant. It can be more easily provisioned, but that only means you’ll spend your budget faster and not reach your business or technical goals.

This book will teach you when you should architect your systems to take advantage of the benefits of the cloud. It will give examples of pitfalls to avoid and show you the patterns to embrace to be successful. Running cloud native infrastructure requires different skills and has many benefits over traditional data centers.

Readers will learn what future patterns to look for to stay ahead of the curve, and how to run the best infrastructure for cloud native applications.

[Cloud Native Infrastructure](https://www.cnibook.info/)

## Authors

### Kris Nova

![Kris Nova](/content/images/2018/05/KrisNova.png)

[Kris Nova]((https://twitter.com/krisnova)) lives and breathes open source. She is transgender and is transparent about all things in her life. She believes in advocating for the best interest of the software and keeping the design process open and honest. She is a backend infrastructure engineer, with roots in Linux and C. She has a deep technical background in the Go programming language and has authored many successful tools in Go.

She is a Kubernetes maintainer and the creator of kubicorn, a successful Kubernetes infrastructure management tool. She organizes a special interest group in Kubernetes and is a leader in the community. Kris understands the grievances with running cloud native infrastructure via a distributed cloud native application.

### Justin Garrison

![Justin Garrison](/content/images/2018/05/JustinGarrison.jpeg)

[Justin](https://twitter.com/rothgar) loves open source almost as much as he loves community. He is not a fan of buzz words but searches for the patterns and benefits behind technology trends. He frequently shares his findings and tries to disseminate knowledge through practical lessons and unique examples. He is an active member in many communities and constantly questions the status quo. He is relentless in trying to learn new things and giving back to the communities who have taught him so much.

Commit message:

Add PDF download link for CNI (BOOKCLUB 001)

BookClub/001_CLOUDNATIVEINFRASTRUCTURE.md, after:

# Cloud Native Infrastructure by Kris Nova & Justin Garrison

## What Is A CNW Book Club

Find out more about the Cloud Native Wales (CNW) Book Club [here](https://blog.cloudnativewales.io/bookclub).

## What Do I Need To Do

The Book Club will start on Friday June 15th 2018.  You'll be committed to reading the book over 8-12 weeks.  A private online community will be setup to discuss details of the book. On completion of the book, one of the authors, [Kris Nova](https://twitter.com/krisnova), has kindly agreed to have a Hangout session with us.

## What Do I Get

The book's official [website](https://www.cnibook.info/) provides information on where the book can be purchased. If you'd like a PDF version, this can be downloaded (for free) from the Heptio [website](http://go.heptio.com/cloud-native-infrastructure). If you would like a paperback copy, you can buy one from one of the retailers provided [here](https://www.cnibook.info/). Thanks to [Kris](https://twitter.com/krisnova) and [Heptio](https://twitter.com/heptio), we will be giving away some physical copies of the book at CNW's [Meetup v0.2.0](https://www.meetup.com/Cloud-Native-Wales/events/lxwbppyxjbsb/). Details to be confirmed soon.

## How Do I Sign Up

**Spaces are limited**, so please book your space [here](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/cnw-book-club-cloud-native-infrastructure-by-kris-nova-tickets-46200822905).

---

## Book Description

For far too long companies have been creating infrastructure in the cloud only to build themselves into a corner. Building traditional infrastructure in the cloud is more expensive and less performant. It can be more easily provisioned, but that only means you’ll spend your budget faster and not reach your business or technical goals.

This book will teach you when you should architect your systems to take advantage of the benefits of the cloud. It will give examples of pitfalls to avoid and show you the patterns to embrace to be successful. Running cloud native infrastructure requires different skills and has many benefits over traditional data centers.

Readers will learn what future patterns to look for to stay ahead of the curve, and how to run the best infrastructure for cloud native applications.

[Cloud Native Infrastructure](https://www.cnibook.info/)

## Authors

### Kris Nova

![Kris Nova](/content/images/2018/05/KrisNova.png)

[Kris Nova]((https://twitter.com/krisnova)) lives and breathes open source. She is transgender and is transparent about all things in her life. She believes in advocating for the best interest of the software and keeping the design process open and honest. She is a backend infrastructure engineer, with roots in Linux and C. She has a deep technical background in the Go programming language and has authored many successful tools in Go.

She is a Kubernetes maintainer and the creator of kubicorn, a successful Kubernetes infrastructure management tool. She organizes a special interest group in Kubernetes and is a leader in the community. Kris understands the grievances with running cloud native infrastructure via a distributed cloud native application.

### Justin Garrison

![Justin Garrison](/content/images/2018/05/JustinGarrison.jpeg)

[Justin](https://twitter.com/rothgar) loves open source almost as much as he loves community. He is not a fan of buzz words but searches for the patterns and benefits behind technology trends. He frequently shares his findings and tries to disseminate knowledge through practical lessons and unique examples. He is an active member in many communities and constantly questions the status quo. He is relentless in trying to learn new things and giving back to the communities who have taught him so much.
