# Welcome

We're Cloud Native Wales and we want to talk all things Cloud Native!

## Speakers

### Basia Fusinska ([@basiafusinska](https://twitter.com/basiafusinska))

### Ben Hall ([@Ben_Hall](https://twitter.com/Ben_Hall))

## Food and Drinks

* Food and drinks will be provided at the venue.
* Please message us directly if you have any dietary requirements.

## Agenda

Thank you to everyone who attended the first Meetup, we had such a positive response to the event and now we're onto our second.  We'll update the meetup with more information each week leading up to it.

## Who is this for

We aim to build a community for discussion and support and will welcome anyone that wants to attend.

### Skill sets

* If you're new to Cloud Native
  * Come along and we'll help get you up to speed and show you the ropes!
* If you're Native to the Cloud
  * Come along and share your experiences with us and meet like minded people!
* If you're:
  * A programmer with python, dotnet, java, go, php...
  * A front-end developer, back-end developer, full-stack or devops engineer...
  * A student, full/part time, contractor, business owner, hobbyist, retired...
  * Spaces or Tabs...

## Location

Floor 22, Capital Tower
GreyFriars Road
Cardiff
Wales
CF10 3AG

## Feedback / Content

Please contact either of the organisers if you want to:

* Give a talk
* Get more information regarding the Meetup
* Talk about sponsorship
* Any other suggestions or support

[Lewis](mailto:lewis@cloudnativewales.io)
[Salman](mailto:salman@cloudnativewales.io)
[Aled](mailto:aled@cloudnativewales.io)