Blog/001_OURFIRSTMEETUP.md, before:

# OUR FIRST MEETUP

The date is 10th May 2018, you wake up in the morning, thinking it is going to be just like any other day. A yawn and a couple of stretches later it dawns on you that today is the day of the first ever Cloud Native Wales meetup! 

The one, that [Lewis](https://twitter.com/denhamparry) and [Salman](https://twitter.com/soulmaniqbal) have been palnning for months. Mild panic sets in, to calm your nerves you the following thoughts go through your head: 

- Two excellent speakers have been lined up
- Thanks to the folks at DevOpsGuys the venue and food is all set and doesn't need to be worried about. 
- People have signed up for the event on [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Cloud-Native-Wales/events/lxwbppyxhbnb/).
- You have a few exciting announcemnets to make, [CNW Book Club](https://blog.cloudnativewales.io/bookclub/) being one of them.

You think to yourself, actually, it is going to be a pretty awesome day! Start of a new community that you've been looking forward to build and be part of for the last few months!

Exciting times indeed.

## Meetup Time!

Meetup hosted at DevOpsGuys on 22nd floor opened doors at 6.30 pm. By this time, the main room was ready to recieve all the attendees and importantly the pizzas and drinks had been already laid out. As people arrived the room started to fill up. It was great to see people getting to know eachother who worked in different roles and came from different backgrounds. We could already start to see the power Cloud Native Technology has to bring people together in a room to share ideas and experiences. 

<TODO>[ADD PHOTO OF PIZZAS]
<TODO>[ADD PHOTO OF THE ROOM]
<TODO>[ADD PHOTO OF THE ROOM FILLING UP WITH PEOPLE]

## A Warm Welcome from Cloud Native Wales


## Speaker Slides

### Going cloud native with the internet of things

#### [Matthew MacDonald Wallace](https://twitter.com/mbconsultinguk)

* [PDF](https://www.dropbox.com/s/uons3fdfeq6pr4q/1.pdf?dl=0)

---

### Jenkins X

#### [James Rawlings](https://twitter.com/jdrawlings)
[Jenkins X](https://twitter.com/jenkinsxio) / [CloudBees](https://twitter.com/CloudBees)

* [Keynote](https://www.dropbox.com/s/4wwumc9s8qevk8a/2.key?dl=0)
* [PDF](https://www.dropbox.com/s/2l3yudybl8dx4j7/2.pdf?dl=0)
* [YouTube](https://youtu.be/ZIK0BSimOBM)

## CNW Slides

* [Google Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xTFHjCyecWQ5QespLGLFNvidirN7YkbL3-A49o4gIck/edit?usp=sharing)

## The Meetup

### The Venue

We previously spoke about the venue in our previous post, [000_CNWSETUP](https://blog.cloudnativewales.io/000_cnwsetup/).  We were hoping for a blue sky day and that's what we got, and had amazing views across all of Cardiff.

### The Attendees

We officially counted 48 attendees (not including Speakers, CNW members and DevOpsGuys (DOG) staff).  It was great to see a community come together at the event, sharing their own stories and ideas as well as listening to our speakers share their talks.

### The Speakers

Our first speakers have set the bar high for future events.  The feedback received after the event about the quality of the content of the talks was amazing.  There was so much energy in the room that evening, and everyone took something away from the talks.

#### Matthew MacDonald Wallace

#### James Rawlings

### The Gifts

It takes a lot of effort for speakers to create talks with great content and then presenting them to a new crowd.  We're so grateful for this that we offer small gifts of thanks.  This time, we got Matthew a selection of [Crafty Devil](https://twitter.com/craftydevilbrew) beers (a local microbrewery in Cardiff) and James a t-shirt from a bar we met at in Copenhagen, [WarPigs](https://twitter.com/WarPigs_Brewpub).  They're small gifts in comparison to the amount of gratitude we have for them to take the time and effort to share their talks.

### The Announcement

We announced our [CNW Book Club](https://blog.cloudnativewales.io/bookclub/) initiative (more details can be found on the link).  The first two books were announced, [Docker on Windows by Elton Stoneman](https://blog.cloudnativewales.io/dockeronwindows/) and [Cloud Native Infrastructure by Kris Nova & Justin Garrison](https://blog.cloudnativewales.io/cloudnativeinfrastructure/).  We had a lot of positive feedback about this on the night and the days following.  Please feel free to share this to others around Wales who might be interested.

### The Learning

Even though we had a great evening, we made a couple of mistakes which we're hoping not to make again:

* The sign in process into the DOG office took too long, and we're currently looking into solutions for that.
* We forgot to ask for dietary requirements prior to ordering pizza, this has been resolved with a signoff process prior to the Meetup.
* The displays wouldn't connect to my MacBook for the last lot of announcements.  A new AV system is being setup at DOG which will hopefully resolve this.
* We filmed the event, but sadly ran out of storage so haven't film the entire talk.  We're looking to use a third party to film the event which we'll then share on online after the event.

### The Next Meetup

> Here's the link to the [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Cloud-Native-Wales/events/lxwbppyxjbsb/).

The next Meetup is scheduled for Wednesday 20th June 2018 during the [Festival of Innovation](https://twitter.com/WFoInnovation) week, and we're very excited being a part of it.  The confirmed speakers are Basia Fusinska ([@basiafusinska](https://twitter.com/basiafusinska) from Google and Ben Hall ([@Ben_Hall](https://twitter.com/Ben_Hall)) from Katacoda.  We're really excited for their talks.

### Until Then

Why not learn something new on [Katacoda](https://katacoda.com/learn) and tell us all about it when we see you at the next Meetup!

Commit message:

added content for 3rd heading, a warm welcome

Blog/001_OURFIRSTMEETUP.md, after:

# OUR FIRST MEETUP

The date is 10th May 2018, you wake up in the morning, thinking it is going to be just like any other day. A yawn and a couple of stretches later it dawns on you that today is the day of the first ever Cloud Native Wales meetup! 

The one, that [Lewis](https://twitter.com/denhamparry) and [Salman](https://twitter.com/soulmaniqbal) have been palnning for months. Mild panic sets in, to calm your nerves you the following thoughts go through your head: 

- Two excellent speakers have been lined up
- Thanks to the folks at DevOpsGuys the venue and food is all set and doesn't need to be worried about. 
- People have signed up for the event on [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Cloud-Native-Wales/events/lxwbppyxhbnb/).
- You have a few exciting announcemnets to make, [CNW Book Club](https://blog.cloudnativewales.io/bookclub/) being one of them.

You think to yourself, actually, it is going to be a pretty awesome day! Start of a new community that you've been looking forward to build and be part of for the last few months!

Exciting times indeed.

## Meetup Time!

Meetup hosted at DevOpsGuys on 22nd floor opened doors at 6.30 pm. By this time, the main room was ready to recieve all the attendees and importantly the pizzas and drinks had been already laid out. As people arrived the room started to fill up. It was great to see people getting to know eachother who worked in different roles and came from different backgrounds. We could already start to see the power Cloud Native Technology has to bring people together in a room to share ideas and experiences. 

<TODO>[ADD PHOTO OF PIZZAS]
<TODO>[ADD PHOTO OF THE ROOM]
<TODO>[ADD PHOTO OF THE ROOM FILLING UP WITH PEOPLE]

## A Warm Welcome from Cloud Native Wales

The proceedings of the day kicked-off with Lewis and Salman extending a warm welcome to all the new members of Cloud Native Wales community. Lewis explained the purpose of the group, code of conduct, introduced the team and invited everyone to be a part of Cloud Native Wales as attendees, speakers, helpers and organisers. He stressed that Cloud Native Wales is a community open to everyone, no matter what ability, background, views and preferences. A community where people can learn and imporve themselves in cloud native technology and help others around them to grow as individuals. 

The presentation can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/u/1/d/1xTFHjCyecWQ5QespLGLFNvidirN7YkbL3-A49o4gIck/edit?usp=sharing). Fun fact: Lewis completed this presentation before the meetup, sitting on bike rack, next to a toilet on a tran from Bristol to Cardiff!

<TODO>[ADD A PHOTO OF LEWIS SITTING ON TOILET RACK] 

And with this, it was time to hand over the floor to CNW's first ever speaker, [Matthew MacDonald Wallace](https://twitter.com/mbconsultinguk) 

### Going Cloud Native with Internet of Things

#### [Matthew MacDonald Wallace](https://twitter.com/mbconsultinguk)

* [PDF](https://www.dropbox.com/s/uons3fdfeq6pr4q/1.pdf?dl=0)

---

### Jenkins X

#### [James Rawlings](https://twitter.com/jdrawlings)
[Jenkins X](https://twitter.com/jenkinsxio) / [CloudBees](https://twitter.com/CloudBees)

* [Keynote](https://www.dropbox.com/s/4wwumc9s8qevk8a/2.key?dl=0)
* [PDF](https://www.dropbox.com/s/2l3yudybl8dx4j7/2.pdf?dl=0)
* [YouTube](https://youtu.be/ZIK0BSimOBM)

## CNW Slides

* [Google Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xTFHjCyecWQ5QespLGLFNvidirN7YkbL3-A49o4gIck/edit?usp=sharing)

## The Meetup

### The Venue

We previously spoke about the venue in our previous post, [000_CNWSETUP](https://blog.cloudnativewales.io/000_cnwsetup/).  We were hoping for a blue sky day and that's what we got, and had amazing views across all of Cardiff.

### The Attendees

We officially counted 48 attendees (not including Speakers, CNW members and DevOpsGuys (DOG) staff).  It was great to see a community come together at the event, sharing their own stories and ideas as well as listening to our speakers share their talks.

### The Speakers

Our first speakers have set the bar high for future events.  The feedback received after the event about the quality of the content of the talks was amazing.  There was so much energy in the room that evening, and everyone took something away from the talks.

#### Matthew MacDonald Wallace

#### James Rawlings

### The Gifts

It takes a lot of effort for speakers to create talks with great content and then presenting them to a new crowd.  We're so grateful for this that we offer small gifts of thanks.  This time, we got Matthew a selection of [Crafty Devil](https://twitter.com/craftydevilbrew) beers (a local microbrewery in Cardiff) and James a t-shirt from a bar we met at in Copenhagen, [WarPigs](https://twitter.com/WarPigs_Brewpub).  They're small gifts in comparison to the amount of gratitude we have for them to take the time and effort to share their talks.

### The Announcement

We announced our [CNW Book Club](https://blog.cloudnativewales.io/bookclub/) initiative (more details can be found on the link).  The first two books were announced, [Docker on Windows by Elton Stoneman](https://blog.cloudnativewales.io/dockeronwindows/) and [Cloud Native Infrastructure by Kris Nova & Justin Garrison](https://blog.cloudnativewales.io/cloudnativeinfrastructure/).  We had a lot of positive feedback about this on the night and the days following.  Please feel free to share this to others around Wales who might be interested.

### The Learning

Even though we had a great evening, we made a couple of mistakes which we're hoping not to make again:

* The sign in process into the DOG office took too long, and we're currently looking into solutions for that.
* We forgot to ask for dietary requirements prior to ordering pizza, this has been resolved with a signoff process prior to the Meetup.
* The displays wouldn't connect to my MacBook for the last lot of announcements.  A new AV system is being setup at DOG which will hopefully resolve this.
* We filmed the event, but sadly ran out of storage so haven't film the entire talk.  We're looking to use a third party to film the event which we'll then share on online after the event.

### The Next Meetup

> Here's the link to the [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Cloud-Native-Wales/events/lxwbppyxjbsb/).

The next Meetup is scheduled for Wednesday 20th June 2018 during the [Festival of Innovation](https://twitter.com/WFoInnovation) week, and we're very excited being a part of it.  The confirmed speakers are Basia Fusinska ([@basiafusinska](https://twitter.com/basiafusinska) from Google and Ben Hall ([@Ben_Hall](https://twitter.com/Ben_Hall)) from Katacoda.  We're really excited for their talks.

### Until Then

Why not learn something new on [Katacoda](https://katacoda.com/learn) and tell us all about it when we see you at the next Meetup!
